yeah there's obviously a quite a fun
dear for any cricketer testing all this
kit we don't know what everything is all
no stickers nor emblems not nothing so
really is blind testing so it's a
Griffin you know to get them smash that
ball as hard as we can it doesn't matter
if we're going to get caught or not so
nice perfect things I look for in a
batch ah the feel of the padlet pick up
can't be too heavy you know because that
limits your game who's too heavy is
gonna sort of the developer battle he's
gonna be late into the ball if you've
got involved so you know it's important
to get I quite like a square looking
Bassam is quite square and even edges
rather than to beget the bottom and two
small atop I like it quite even
throughout that I like little butterfly
marks on the buckle Inc dark little dark
patches are a little not in the bat that
make a bit crisper the wider the grim
the longer they get taken to knock in
but actually at good for one period of
time that's so probably little bit
narrow grins and knocking quicker I
probably don't last fun as one but if I
was buying about myself I probably go
for their maybe six to eight grins on
the bus but the pros look I've a little
never be eight to ten twelve but you
never know you know that's a great
feeling fact you never quite know so
many incredible ships nowadays and
certainly last couple years it's even
coupon for the edges of size edges you
know when I started besides the edges
are like
it was a massive bat we're now the top
of the handle by this flight has gotten
into the other sides like two inches I
mean it's crazy but the bats are
definitely picking up lighter with
bigger pieces of wood nowadays and the
other used to given great advantages
sebass when we see a 1920 cricket and
you know there's a massive choice out
there and it's about getting it right
for you but not what a kevin pietersen
users or an undersized users or whoever
uses Alistair Cooke it's about what
feels good to you and that's really
important for everybody